A woman holds a plate of goodies for her little princess. Woman holds a plate of goodies neutral
A young man with a black shirt and gray pants smiling looking down as he plays with a yellow and blue toy in the dark. A young black man plays with a toy in the dark. neutral
A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep against a deep blue sky. A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field . neutral
A shirtless man is having a conversation with a seated man while a blond woman sleeps. A shirtless woman is having a conversation with a seated man while a blond woman sleeps. contradiction
A person in an orange coat with a hood lays on top of the entrance corridor to the metro. a person on an entrance corridor neutral
A woman is walking her bike past a group of people. A woman is walking neutral
Three women and one man are posing for a picture. Three man and one women are posing for a picture. contradiction
A kid is jumping off the side of a mountain just outside a city. The kid is jumping outside of the city. neutral
man standing against blue wall with shirt on head man standing against blue wall neutral
A woman cooks as a man stares off into space, a box of butter is in the foreground. A man cooks as a man stares off into space, a box of butter is in the foreground. contradiction
A young girl is fishing from a dock on a lake while the sun is setting. A girl is on the lake neutral
Young boys running along the pavement. Boys running along the pavement. neutral
Man jumps alone on a desert road with mountains in the background. A man jumps alone neutral
A little kid with blond-hair, a white jacket and blue pants holding a door. A little kid with blond-hair, a blue jacket and blue pants holding a door. contradiction
A woman who is smiling is wearing a unique head ornament. A woman is smiling neutral
A man is wearing a suit and driving a carriage. Man wearing a suit neutral
Two young children are playing in the living room with some toys. Children are playing with some toys. neutral
A man stand outdoors is wearing a sign that is advertising bratwurst. A man is advertising neutral
One girl is standing with her back towards us, with another girl sitting down next to her, both looking out toward the water. Girl standing out neutral
A man is on the street selling yellow diamond shaped signs. The man is selling street signs. neutral
A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks. A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks. neutral
The sun is blazing through the trees onto a green tent in the woods. the tent is in the woods. neutral
The back of a stop sign is visible in front of the stone building. The stop sign is in front of the building. neutral
A woman in a blue shirt with no bra. a woman with no shirt neutral
People are sitting outside at tables. people sitting neutral
A young child colors with crayons at his dinner table. A child with crayons at his table. neutral
A woman wearing a blue dress is drawing a picture of a boy and a girl on the sidewalk with sidewalk chalk. A woman is on the sidewalk with chalk. contradiction
A woman is hiking in a snowy forest. Hiking in snowy forest. neutral
The little boy is wearing a black pinstripe shirt and walking on a deck. The boy wearing shirt and walking neutral
She is playing tennis with her blue tennis clothes on, it looks hot out there. She is playing tennis with her blue tennis clothes on, it looks hot out there. neutral
A man in a blue swimming gear is skiing near a wave in the water. A man is swimming in the water. contradiction
A woman wearing a black jacket is walking on a sidewalk. A woman is walking on a sidewalk. neutral
A woman with a microphone is holding it up to another woman. A woman is holding it up to another woman neutral
The black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person stands nearby. The person has a toy in its mouth contradiction
A fully-padded hockey player sits on the ice holding his stick. Hockey player sits holding stick. neutral
A band of four playing a gig. A band of four playing . neutral
A young boy is sitting on the grass. The boy is on the grass. neutral
A woman derssed in a black sweater, gloves, hat, and a scarf sits on the beach near a boulder. A woman  sits on the beach near a boulder. neutral
Three men are wearing safety yellow jackets and hard hats on the sight of a construction project; one is in a hole and the other two are looking at the man standing in the hole. Three men are standing in a hole. contradiction
A man is sleeping inside on a bench with his hat over his eyes. A man is sleeping neutral
A white, middle-aged man playing guitar for a woman and small child. A white, middle-aged woman playing guitar for a woman and small child. contradiction
A young boy is thrown by a man as a girl watches at the beach. A young girl is thrown by a man as a girl watches at the beach. contradiction
A man raises a campaign sign over his head. A man raises his campaign sign neutral
A young boy shelters a girl with a black umbrella. A young girl shelters a girl with a black umbrella. contradiction
A boy and a girl walking down a road holding a black umbrella. A boy and a girl  holding a black umbrella. neutral
There is a band playing for a small audience. There is a small band playing for a small audience. neutral
A woman in a yellow shirt is hand-decorating a vase on a green turntable. A woman is hand-decorating a vase on a green turntable. neutral
Seven young Asian women in identical purple evening dresses and two young Asian men sit in a hallway.  Seven Asian women in  purple evening dresses and two  Asian men sit in a hallway. neutral
Two soccer players, one in red, the other in white, racing towards a soccer ball. Two soccer players, one in white, the other in white, racing towards a soccer ball. contradiction
A child wearing a hat is standing on a beach looking out at the ocean. The child is standing on a beach neutral
Three runners are on a track and two of them are jumping hurdles. Two runners are on a track and two of them are jumping hurdles. contradiction
Some elements are too small to visualize without a microscope. Some elements are small to visualize neutral
Six Asian women dressed in pastels pose for a picture. Six women pose for a picture. neutral
A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb. A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb. neutral
A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb. A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb. contradiction
A person riding a bicycle down a red ramp. A person riding a bicycle down a ramp. neutral
a group of backpackers preparing for their trek. a group of backpackers preparing for their trek. neutral
A child is on a motorcycle smiling. A child is on a motorcycle smiling. neutral
A person in a purple jacket is squatting around several moose. a person is squatting neutral
A young boy with brown hair is hiding behind a crate of oranges. A young boy is behind a crate neutral
A woman in a pink tank top holds a plastic beer mug. A woman holds beer mug. neutral
A man and woman dressed in black coats walking a dog down the sidewalk carrying shopping bags. A man and woman dressed in black coats walking a dog down the sidewalk . neutral
A man sitting inside looking at the window washer outside. A man sitting neutral
Two men in black shirts are standing outdoors near a few other people in the grass. Two men outdoors neutral
Two men in western attire with a brown horse kicking into the air. Two men in western attire with a horse neutral
Two small girls ride a large bicycle down the street. Two small girls ride down the street. neutral
There are two women in blue suits and black hills sitting on a curb outside of a building the two women look like they are waiting for a ride or are on break also the suits that they are wearing have little crests on them with wings so they might work for an airport. they are waiting for a ride neutral
Three dogs, two black one brown, are playing in a grass field. Two dogs, two black one brown, are playing in a grass field. contradiction
A man in shorts is standing on a rock looking out at the view from the hilltop. The man is standing on a rock neutral
An old woman seated near an old man accepts a plate. An old man seated near an old man accepts a plate. contradiction
People are learning to cook and enjoying the results of what they have done. People are learning neutral
Men with reflective safety jackets on are working on a street intersection with many orange reflective cones. Men with reflective safety jackets neutral
Men with reflective safety jackets on are working on a street intersection with many orange reflective cones. Men with reflective safety jackets contradiction
The brown dog is jumping a hurdle over a yellow and black pole. the dog is black contradiction
A small boy wearing blue is walking on barefoot towards the edge of a beach as small waves hit the shore. A boy wearing blue walking as waves hit the shore. neutral
A young woman is people watching while sitting on a wall outside. Woman watching people neutral
Several asian pedestrians walk around a silver taxi van. Several pedestrians walk around a silver taxi van. neutral
A man laying on the ground in a park. A man laying in a park. neutral
The man is leaping off of the pool deck to catch a football. The man is leaping off the deck neutral
Someone in snowshoes is vaulting across an open area outside. snowshoes is vaulting across outside. neutral
Here is a picture of a metro link worker making sure all passengers are safely riding on the bus. The passengers are safely riding the bus. neutral
Two women are writing on a sheet. Two women are writing . neutral
A crowd of people is walking on a sidewalk. A crowd is on a sidewalk. neutral
An ice hockey player is bending down on the ice. The hockey player is on the ice neutral
A man in white shirt play guitar to a woman in a white shirt. A woman in white shirt play guitar to a woman in a white shirt. contradiction
A little girl and boy on the back of a bicycle waiting for dad to pedal. A girl and boy on the back of a bicycle waiting for dad to pedal. neutral
A person in a cobalt blue jacket is hiking up a snow drenched mountain on flat terrain. A person is hiking neutral
A man in a plaid shirt is smoking a cigarette on a city street. A man is smoking neutral
A boy in yellow is riding a scooter on the street. A boy in yellow is riding on the street. neutral
A bald man in an orange short and jeans walking in the city by Camden Interiors a furniture store with a giant rocking chair over the door. A bald man in an orange short and jeans walking in the city by  a furniture chair neutral
A man is wearing a red clown nose while standing outside and talking to another man. a man is talking to another man neutral
A white man in a yellow and black sweatshirt grabs his snowboard while on a snowy hill. A man grabs his white snowboard on a hill. neutral
This bathtub is not staying in the old house. The bathtub is in the house. contradiction
A man in a suit passes a woman in dress clothes in a grassy area. A woman in a suit passes a woman in dress clothes in a grassy area. contradiction
A woman in a skirt strolls past a man wearing a business suit. A man in a skirt strolls past a man wearing a business suit. contradiction
A group of four people walking on a dirt road through a stream. Group of four people walking on a dirt road neutral
Two boys prepare a small sailboat as two girls watch them from the beach. Two girls prepare a small sailboat as two boys watch them from the beach. contradiction
The person in the white flowered shirt is bending down at the ball return in the bowling alley. The person is bending down at the ball return neutral
A woman in a red jacket standing on a rock next to a woman crouching on a rock. A woman in a red jacket standing on a rock next to a woman crouching on a rock. neutral
Three people racing on ice skates. People racing neutral
The image links are broken. The image links are broken. contradiction
The image links are broken. The image links are broken. neutral
A couple dancing during a competition. a couple dancing neutral
A woman and a young girl walk along a wall with the numerals ninety-six adorned upon it. A woman and a young girl walk along a wall with the numerals ninety-six adorned upon it. neutral
A woman is standing and opening something while a man is sitting with his arm raised. A woman is with a man neutral
A man walks a dog on the side of an empty road. A man walks on the side of an empty road. neutral
A woman poses in front of a statue, while a man and another woman photograph her. A man poses in front of a statue, while a man and another woman photograph her. contradiction
An older man directs pedestrian traffic in the road. An older man directs traffic in the road. neutral
A woman dressed in black with shopping bags is waiting on the sidewalk. A woman is shopping contradiction
A man in a black top is playing the drums and seems to be sweating. A man is playing the drums neutral
A man is playing a guitar next to another man who is sitting behind a green cart wearing a mask. A man is playing a guitar next to another man . neutral
A shirtless man and a woman sitting on a dock. A woman sitting on a dock. contradiction
A young girl in front of a library runs through a fountain. A young girl in a fountain. neutral
An artist working on a drawing of a little boy. an artist drawing a boy. neutral
A young boy overlooking a crowd of inflatable boats. A young boy overlooking  inflatable boats. neutral
A guy in his scuba gear is having a conversation with other men. His scuba gear is having other men. contradiction
A guy in his scuba gear is having a conversation with other men. Guy having a conversation with other men. neutral
The smiling woman stands in grass near a creek. A woman stands in a creek. contradiction
Three people are looking at the tire of a bike. People are looking at the tire of a bike. neutral
The boy wearing orange face paint is carrying a toy fish in around his next. A boy carrying a toy fish neutral
A woman carries large blue shopping bags while holding the hand of a small child. A woman holding a child. neutral
A dog leaps over a fence. A dog contradiction
Two workers in a store are wearing aprons. workers are in a store neutral
A man on a park bench is looking at a woman walking by. A man is looking at a woman walking by. neutral
Several people are sitting on the back of a truck outside. The people are on the back of a truck neutral
A crowd of people stand looking at something in a European courtyard. A crowd of people stand a European courtyard. neutral
The lady in the black shirt is fixing the other lady's hair. Lady is in black shirt neutral
A ritual with fire is happening. fire neutral
A bearded man with glasses playing an instrument. A man with glasses playing an instrument. neutral
A man is hanging upside down. a man is hanging upside down. neutral
Two women and two children are painting the exterior walls of a house. Women and children are painting the walls of the house. neutral
A man reading a newspaper is leaning up against a purple wall with graffiti. A man is leaning against a wall neutral
Three young men playing a game of Monopoly in which two of them are physically arguing. Two men are arguing. neutral
Three pre-teen girls wearing sunglasses dance and sing in a family home. Three pre-teen girls  dance in a family home. neutral
A man with black hair and glasses is holding a camera on a tripod. A man is holding a camera on a tripod. neutral
A boy with a red hat noticeably shocked by the spinning of a playground toy. Boy with a red hat neutral
Two women play catch in a yard. Two women play in a yard. neutral
A man in a cutoff V-neck with a shoulder tattoo plays an accordion. A man in a cutoff V-neck with a shoulder tattoo plays an accordion. contradiction
A man in a cutoff V-neck with a shoulder tattoo plays an accordion. A man in a cutoff V-neck with a shoulder tattoo plays an accordion. neutral
A bull runs from an aggressive dog behind him. A dog runs from an aggressive bull behind him. contradiction
A man reading a picture book to a child. A man reading a book to a child. neutral
A man in tan shorts and black shirt is walking a very small dog in a deserted area. A man is walking a dog neutral
A small and gray dog chases a large bull who is jumping away from it. A large and gray dog chases a small bull who is jumping away from it. contradiction
Painters in red overalls painting a large door from blue to gray. Painters in blue overalls painting a large door from blue to gray. contradiction
A crowd of people stand talking in a business district. A crowd of business people stand in a business district. neutral
A man in black on a motorcycle in front of a man in red and blue on a bicycle.  A man on a motorcycle in front of a man on a bicycle. neutral
A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. neutral
A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. contradiction
An older Asian man wearing an embroidered ski cap poses for a picture.  An Asian man wearing an embroidered ski cap poses for a picture. neutral
A race car driver. A car driver. neutral
A brown dog with white paws running on the beach. A white dog with white paws running on the beach. contradiction
A man sliding off of a bull he was riding splashes into a mud puddle in the center of a dirt covered ring. A man riding a bull neutral
Two people pushing a shopping cart on a people-mover. Two people pushing a shopping cart . neutral
Three men in a fishing boat on a river in Africa. men fishing on river neutral
some wakeboarders riding waves on a beach busy with tourists Wakeboarders riding neutral
A woman is singing and playing the drums. woman singing neutral
A cheerful small girl dressed in a white dress with flowers runs on a grassy area with her arms in motion. a small girl in a dress runs on a grassy area neutral
A man is playing a musical instrument. man playing neutral
Two men playing violins with sheep music. Two men playing sheep music. neutral
A man in a gray shirt is drilling into a silver can. A man drilling into a can. contradiction
Lady walking through rows of children. Lady walking through neutral
Children are learning to care for newborn infants along side their parents. Children are learning to care for  infants along side their parents. neutral
A marching band is practicing in an outdoor field. practicing in an outdoor field. neutral
Blowing bubbles as she walks. Blowing bubbles as she walks. contradiction
Blowing bubbles as she walks. Blowing bubbles as she walks. neutral
A bride a groom are getting their picture taken on a swing set while a young man drinking a soda and a boy in a green shirt with a bike are watching. A bride a groom are getting their picture taken on a swing set while a young man drinking a soda and a boy in a green shirt with a bike are watching. neutral
A girl on a beach with rainbow flags. A girl on a beach neutral
People of all ages sit and look at the water and fountains in a popular spot, surrounded by white pillars.  People sit and look at the water and fountains in a popular spot, surrounded by white pillars. neutral
A black guitarist in a yellow tracksuit and black fedora sits on a public bench playing his guitar. A black guitarist in a yellow tracksuit and black fedora sits on a public bench playing his guitar. neutral
People are standing outside of a small shopping store. people standing neutral
A baby smiles while sitting next to a holiday display. A baby smiles neutral
A worker in a yellow shirt and hard hat digs with a shovel. A worker in a yellow shirt and hard hat digs with a shovel. contradiction
A dog has jumped in the air to catch a tennis ball. Dog has jumped in the air to catch a ball. neutral
A man in a white t-shirt is holding the ten of clubs in his right hand near his head and the remaining cards in his left hand. the man is holding ten cards in his left hand contradiction
Two men standing on some logs next to an open trailer. Two men standing on an open trailer. contradiction
A woman wearing a hat leans over to a man who has a tattoo. A man wearing a hat leans over to a man who has a tattoo. contradiction
The men are working in the hot sun. The men are in the hot sun. neutral
a woman who is performing on stage with a microphone. Performing on stage is a woman with a microphone. neutral
Young children smile and pose for the camera while holding up hand signals. Children smile and pose for the camera neutral
People are walking on a paved slope surrounded by Chinese vendors. People are walking by vendors. neutral
A group of eight people playing some sort of tabletop game all surrounding a table. A group of people playing some sort of tabletop game all surrounding a table. neutral
A group of people are conversing while a man in a white shirt takes notes. a group of people conversing neutral
A little African American girl is sitting on a swing at a park looking at the person taking the picture. A GIRL IS SITTING ON A SWING AT A PARK neutral
The men in white coats watch carefully as the sandwiches are assembled. the men are white neutral
a big white dog jumps on a small dog. A small dog jumps on a big white dog. contradiction
A martial arts demonstration being watched by a group of men. watched by a group neutral
A man in a red shirt is aiming at the black ball playing pool. A man is aiming at the black ball neutral
A construction worker working on a building. A construction worker neutral
A child walks next to a woman down a park path. A child walks down a park path. neutral
A young woman with red-hair discusses something with a man holding a bag. A young man with red-hair discusses something with a man holding a bag. contradiction
Someone wearing a large hat is sitting on colorful blankets working a loom with a pair of men's dress shoes in front of him. Someone is sitting in blankets working a loom of men's dress neutral
A guy numbered 853 is riding a bucking horse at the rodeo. A guy is riding neutral
A group of people are standing near the shore of a lake. People are standing near the lake. neutral
A man with a white jacket is sitting at a restaurant holding a coffee creamer. A man is sitting neutral
A blond girl in a blue shirt and pants riding a red bike. A girl riding a blue bike. contradiction
Spectators are seated behind a blue wall. A spectators are seated neutral
a man in a gray shirt holds his hands in the air. A man holds his hands in the air. neutral
Young boys and girls playing soccer. Young girls and girls playing soccer. contradiction
Two men are riding in a work boat. Two men are riding in a boat. neutral
Furniture inside and outside of a moving truck. Furniture outside a moving truck. contradiction
Woman and children are in a yard with a green live wall in the background. Woman are in the background. neutral
an elderly man is walking down the sidewalk wearing black shorts and a white shirt. THe man is walking neutral
A Young woman with long hair and no helmet is riding a skateboard in a park with a mural behind her. A Young woman with no long hair contradiction
Four people are sitting at a table on the side of a street. Four people are sitting  on the side of a street. neutral
A man wearing a white bathing suit is diving into a lake. A man wearing a bathing suit neutral
A large building provides the backdrop for a man wearing shorts who is looking at his phone as well as a woman who is wearing a black skirt and white shirt as she walks toward the man. The woman is looking at the man. neutral
Two girls are hugging on a beach, in front of a boat. Two girls are hugging on a boat. contradiction
Here is a picture of an Asian teacher taking pictures of graduation. An Asian taking pictures neutral
A woman walking between two buses. A woman walking between two buses. contradiction
A brown dog stands in the dry long grass and looks to the right. A brown dog to the right. neutral
A tall man dressed in a long-sleeved shirt, pants, and tall boots is sweeping in a yard. A man dressed in a long-sleeved shirt, pants, and tall boots is sweeping in a yard. neutral
Band members on a stage and playing guitars jump in the air to entertain a crowd of fans. The band members jump in the air neutral
An artist painting a model dress in old-timey clothes. An artist painting neutral
A woman is hugging a man in a crowd. a man hugging a man contradiction
Is the brick wall moving or is it just me? The brick wall is moving neutral
A dog jumping through the water at a lake A Dog jumping at the lake neutral
The man has a dog on a leash and appears to be teaching it to stand on its hind legs. The man teaching to stand a dog hind legs. neutral
A girl in denim shorts and a t-shirt is outside cooking meat on a grill. a girl in denim is cooking on a grill. neutral
Someone in a light shirt is walking past several large trees overlooking a city. Someone in a light shirt is walking past several large trees overlooking a city. contradiction
Three young people are snuggling under a blanket on a sidewalk. Three people are snuggling under a blanket on a sidewalk. neutral
A group of people in suits stand around a man in a pink shirt who is lecturing. A group of people stand around a man neutral
A man in costume gently embraces a woman in costume. A man embraces a woman neutral
People are lined up behind the bright yellow steps under the green striped awning. People are behind the steps neutral
An older man picking flowers. An older man picking flowers. neutral
A man is sitting on a white chair in front of a blue building. A man is sitting on a blue chair in front of a white building. contradiction
An older woman is featured in the fore ground of a large race that a number of people are running in. Woman running in race neutral
Two little girls wearing pink dresses and sandals Two little girls wearing pink dresses and sandals contradiction
An Asian man is standing in front of a bunch of colorful kabobs. A man is standing neutral
An adult holds a small child who sits on a table in a mall food court. A child holds a small child who sits on a table in a mall food court. contradiction
People walking up and down busy city street. people walking neutral
A man in a yellow vest is smoking and working in a field. A man is working in a field. neutral
woman holding red asian sun umbrella, taking a picture. a woman taking a picture. neutral
A boy wearing a blue shirt is outdoors and is closely examining a found object with yellow tentacles pointing upwards. A boy is wearing a yellow shirt contradiction
An old man stands in front of a building front papered with election signs. An old man stands in front of a building front papered with old election signs. neutral
Two young children in life vests paddling a blue kayak. Two young children in life vests paddling a kayak. neutral
The black dog is standing by the wall next to the orange. The dog is orange. contradiction
Men in short-sleeved shirts are gathered around a table in a meat shop. Men in short-sleeved shirts are gathered around a table . neutral
A man with a jacket is walking through a wood workshop where there are tools and lumber. A man is walking neutral
Boy driving a motorcycle with a girl sitting on back. Girl driving a motorcycle with a boy sitting on back. contradiction
Three girls playing and smiling on the grass, under an umbrella. Three girls playing and smiling on the grass, under an umbrella. contradiction
Three girls playing and smiling on the grass, under an umbrella. Three girls playing and smiling on the grass, under an umbrella. neutral
A man working with something on or in his canoe that is under some trees on a beach that overlooks other boats in the water by him. A man is working on the water neutral
A man is looking at what seems to be a cardboard cutout of a woman in a kitchen. A man in a kitchen. neutral
Two combatants in protective head and body gear, one in red vest and the other in blue, are engaged in martial arts sparring on a blue mat inside a gymnasium. Two combatants in protective head and body gear, one in blue vest and the other in blue, are engaged in martial arts sparring on a blue mat inside a gymnasium. contradiction
A man in black laying on a bench with his head on the leg of an elderly gentleman wearing blue jeans. A man  laying on a bench with his head on the leg of an  gentleman wearing blue jeans. neutral
A lady is singing a song on the mic. A lady is singing a song neutral
Several people are sitting inside a dark art gallery. People are inside a dark gallery. neutral
A couple of patron at a jazz club. A couple of patron at a jazz club. contradiction
A man is talking to a blond headed woman at the library. A man is talking to a blond headed woman neutral
A caucasian man wearing a black t-shirt is holding up two sticks. A black man wearing a black t-shirt is holding up two sticks. contradiction
A street musician in bright red outfit plays his instrument. A street musician plays his instrument. neutral
Two men sitting in chairs while waiting. Two chairs sitting in men while waiting. contradiction
Patrons at a bar down a cocktail. Patrons at a bar down neutral
Three people are sitting on a bus stop bench in between two tropical palm trees. Two people are sitting on a bus stop bench in between two tropical palm trees. contradiction
Snowmobiler riding snowmobile with front end up in the air. Snowmobiler riding in the air. neutral
Two black-haired boys are squatting on the ground while holding handfuls of marbles. Two boys on the ground holding marbles. neutral
A girl in a karate outfit is talking to a man in a white shirt. a girl is talking neutral
A band is playing outside on a stone walkway. a band is playing outside neutral
A man wearing a white hard hat and orange vest is working in a dusty environment. A man wearing a  hard hat and  vest is working in a dusty environment. neutral
Two muzzled racing dogs running along track. Two racing dogs running along track. neutral
An artist is painting a mural outside on a big corrugated metal wall. An artist is painting outside neutral
Two men not looking at pictures. Two men looking at pictures. contradiction
A woman with short black hair and a colorful necklace reads a children's illustration book. A woman with short black hair and a colorful necklace reads . neutral
An individual in blue pants is standing on a step ladder while two others look in the same direction as the man on the ladder. Man standing on step ladder neutral
An individual in blue pants is standing on a step ladder while two others look in the same direction as the man on the ladder. A man is standing on a blue step ladder. neutral
A smiling woman wearing a black sweater leans on a man wearing a jacket and a tie. A smiling man wearing a black sweater leans on a man wearing a jacket and a tie. contradiction
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground. Two young children jumping off neutral
A cat is standing in front of a woman and a dog on a brick road. A dog is standing in front of a woman and a cat on a brick road. contradiction
The boy in the black outfit is riding down the snowy hill on a red sled. The boy is in a black outfit neutral
A man dressed as a clown is blowing bubbles. A clown blowing bubbles. neutral
Three hockey players on ice, two wearing blue uniform and one in black and yellow. Two hockey players on ice, two wearing blue uniform and one in black and yellow. contradiction
A boy in an orange shirt with blue trim is smiling. A boy in an orange shirt is smiling. neutral
A man and his dog are dressed up in colorful costumes in the street in front of a bakery. A man and his dog are in front of a bakery. neutral
Boy wearing a gray sweatshirt playing with a toy airplane. Boy playing with a toy airplane. neutral
Guests at a wedding in a park, by a lake.  Guests at a wedding by a lake. neutral
A man in a green ha is tired from shopping so he sleeps in the train. a man is tired neutral
A lady in blue is in the middle of a kayak during a rough wave. A lady is in the middle neutral
A man in a brown jacket with blue jeans walking up the stairs in a city to a bar. A man in a blue jacket with blue jeans walking up the stairs in a city to a bar. contradiction
Many people who are wearing black, red, white and blue standing on a red brick sidewalk. Many people are standing on a white sidewalk. contradiction
a woman in a focus group is caught starring off into space. a woman is starring off into space. neutral
A man dressed casually and playing his guitar for tips. Man playing guitar neutral
A group of three dogs are walking through the snow. the dogs are contradiction
A toddler in sandals stand next to a miniature hay bale.  A toddler in sandals stand next to a hay bale. neutral
The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city. The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city. contradiction
The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city. The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city. neutral
A man dressed for cooler weather blows leaves. Dressed for cooler leaves. contradiction
A person and a young girl sit on a park bench. A person and a young girl sit on a bench. neutral
A woman in a blue shirt is also wearing sunglasses. blue shirt woman neutral
kids getting ready to hit a volleyball. kids getting ready to hit a volleyball. neutral
A black and white dog has pinned a brown dog to the ground in front of a wishing well. A brown and white dog has pinned a brown dog to the ground in front of a wishing well. contradiction
A man in a yellow shirt is pushing a cart with items on it. a man is in yellow shirt neutral
a man wearing a blue shirt, standing on the railroad is taking picture of the bridge. A man is taking a picture neutral
A woman in a yellow coat talks with a man carrying a backpack. A man in a yellow coat talks with a man carrying a backpack. contradiction
A girl with a painted face took a picture of an angel. Girl with a painted face neutral
Two little girls are riding one bicycle. Two little girls are riding one bicycle. contradiction
African American kids playing on a marry go round. African kids playing on a marry go round. contradiction
A person descends a rope from a cliff into the ocean. Descends rope from cliff into the ocean. neutral
A man playing Santa Clause with glasses on his nose. a man playing with santa neutral
Looks like a man dressing in a orange flowered bikini with a mime face riding a bike. A mime riding a bike. neutral
A man sits outdoors comfortably with his arms around a pale bear. A man sits comfortably with arms around bear. neutral
A white dog competing in an agility event. A white dog competing . neutral
A girl is doing the splits in the air in front of some trees. The girl is in the air neutral
A man, not wearing a shirt, is sitting on a rock and looking through a makeshift telescope. A man, not wearing a shirt, is not sitting on a rock contradiction
Women in red bathing suits and hats are dancing in the sand at the Beijing 2008 Olympics. The women are in the sand contradiction
One guy in shorts and bare chested with tattoos, nipple piercings and wearing a metal necklace has one hand at hip level and the other hand bent upward and positioned very close to a knife that is in his open mouth. The guy has nipple piercings neutral
A young woman with the Mexican flag painted on her cheek is standing with her back to the camera. A Mexican woman is standing with her back to the camera. neutral
A man wearing a green cap, green shirt and khaki pants is cooking over a fire in the forest Man in the forest neutral
A man in a suit and a woman in a black skirt and boots are waiting at a ticket counter. A woman in a suit and a woman in a black skirt and boots are waiting at a ticket counter. contradiction
A female tennis player is standing with her feet apart on a court. A female is standing on a tennis court. neutral
A bunch of people sitting outside around a body of water. A bunch of people sitting outside neutral
A large group gathers in front of a castle. A group gathers in front of a large castle. neutral
a dark-haired latino boy in jeans running past a wall covered with graffiti a dark-haired latino boy in jeans running past a wall covered with graffiti neutral
Profile of bride and groom cutting wedding cake. Profile of bride and bride cutting wedding cake. contradiction
Man walking while using his phone and woman with shorts on crossing street. Woman walking while using his phone and woman with shorts on crossing street. contradiction
A boy is kicking up dust as he runs in the dirt by a tree. A boy is kicking up dust neutral
A man in rollerblades is sitting down at an outdoor skating park. A man is sitting down at an outdoor skating park. neutral
The ponies look like they love each other. The ponies love each other. neutral
This is a snow fight between 5 kids. This is a fight between 5 kids. neutral
A man on a skateboard doing a jump over concrete. A man on skateboard neutral
A man, a woman, a girl, and a younger girl look puzzled and concerned. A man, a woman, a girl, and a younger girl look puzzled and concerned. neutral
Woman in white pants and turquoise tank top faces away. Woman in tank top neutral
A climber is climbing on an artificial climbing wall A climber is climbing on an artificial  wall neutral
Two men wearing black shirts are cleaning up a yard beside a blue building. Two men are cleaning up a yard neutral
Two men are riding horses. Two men are riding horses. contradiction
The rottweiller is laying with its head and paws on the first step of the green carpeted stair. The rottweiller  is laying with its head neutral
A man in a black jacket is beside the window of a coffee shop looking down. a man is beside the window neutral
People, including a man and a woman in pink shirts, are walking along a Chinese street. People, including a man and a woman in pink shirts, are walking along a Chinese street. contradiction
People, including a man and a woman in pink shirts, are walking along a Chinese street. People, including a man and a woman in pink shirts, are walking along a Chinese street. neutral
A man in green and blue stands next to a line and counts on his fingers while he addresses someone. A man in green counts his fingers neutral
Father and son wear matching cowboy outfits are watching a rodeo. a father and son watching a rodeo. neutral
Here is a picture of a young boy playing in a golf resort village. A boy is playing golf neutral
There are two policemen standing by three elderly men. There are three policemen standing by two elderly men. contradiction
A man of Asian descent wearing red is leaning over another man of Asian descent wearing blue who has fallen on the grass in the park on a sunny day. The man is leaning over another man neutral
One wrestler walks away from a wrestler curled up on the floor as a referee looks on. a wrestler walks away neutral
Two men sit together beside stone steps in an urban setting. Two men sit beside stone steps setting. neutral
The boy and girl are playing on the outdoor gym. the boy and girl are on the outdoor neutral
A man that is standing on the train is reading a book. Man standing on the train neutral
A white dog in the snow carries a plastic Mountain Dew bottle in its mouth. The bottle carries the dog contradiction
a landmark is outside at nighttime. A landmark is outside neutral
A man in a dirty apron is checking on something in his wood fired oven. A man in apron checking on his oven. neutral
A man wearing a red and black bike suit is riding his bike. A man is riding a red and black bike. neutral
Two men are barbecuing their food while another prepares the meat. Two men are barbecuing food neutral
Three women, one in yellow and purple and two in black and white, are playing rugby. Two women, one in yellow and purple and two in black and white, are playing rugby. contradiction
An informal outdoor gathering of people around a table. informal gathering of people neutral
a man posing with large grassy mountains off in the distance. a man posing with mountains off in the distance. neutral
A woman and a man hugging in the middle of the sidewalk. A man and a man hugging in the middle of the sidewalk. contradiction
A man with a beard wears an apron around his neck and smiles. A man wears an apron neutral
A person jumping high in the air in a bicycle with trees in the background. A person in a bicycle neutral
White man with black and gray hair puts sash over the robe of a white red-haired woman. Black man with black and gray hair puts sash over the robe of a white red-haired woman. contradiction
A man is riding a horse near the beach next to a dog. A man is riding a dog. contradiction
An dark-haired woman in a blue and white jacket is lighting some electric candles in a room with beige walls. A woman is in a room with blue walls. contradiction
People riding on motorcycles in front of trees. People riding trees. contradiction
People riding on motorcycles in front of trees. People on motorcycles in front of trees. neutral
The crowd of people are watching the giant sized elephant. The crowd of people are watching the giant sized elephant. neutral
The crowd of people are watching the giant sized elephant. The crowd of people are watching the giant sized elephant. contradiction
A man in a white shirt playing a white guitar on a stage. a man playing guitar on stage. neutral
A black poodle is running through the grass. A black poodle is running through the grass. contradiction
A baby boy in overalls is crying. A boy in overalls neutral
A young black man is walking down a deserted street with a container on his head. A man is walking down a street neutral
A man holds a 4-wheel cycle for a little boy in a blue helmet as the boy holds a tool to fix it in a garage. A man holds a 4-wheel cycle for a little boy in a blue helmet as the boy holds a tool to fix it in a garage. neutral
A young boy wearing a big watch eats an ice cream cone. A boy wearing a big watch neutral
The children are talking and playing in the street. The children are in the street. neutral
A man in a bicycle selling drinks. A man selling drinks. neutral
A smiling girl with no shirt on and braids in her hair plays in the water of a public fountain. A smiling girl with a shirt on contradiction
A young woman in a red sequined costume and feather stands on the sidewalk. a woman in costume neutral
greyhound dogs are running towards camera on a track. greyhound dogs are running on a track. neutral
A group of people partying on the deck of a boat. a group of people on the deck of a boat. neutral
two little girls sitting at a table are listening to music and drawing. two little girls sitting  are listening to music and drawing. neutral
A girl stands next to a statue at twilight. A girl at twilight. neutral
A very fit man runs in a race. Man contradiction
A person riding a bicycle is wearing a face mask. riding bicycle neutral
Man gathers paper near a structure made of wood covered with paper and graffiti. Man gathers paper near a structure with paper and graffiti. neutral
The boy is in the swimming pool. The boy is swimming in the pool. neutral
Group of people sitting on some chairs on their rooftop with a goat. group of people contradiction
A baby in a white shirt is slumped over in a swing in front of the washing machine. A baby is in front of a washing machine. neutral
A baby in a white shirt is slumped over in a swing in front of the washing machine. The baby is in the washing machine. contradiction
Woman is taking a picture of a baby in a pink hat. A woman taking a picture of a baby neutral
A young girl and an older man sitting on a bench eating ice cream. A young girl and an older man eating ice cream. neutral
Two men in an oriental fighting contest. Two contradiction
An adult walking a small child on green grass towards the front of an old brownstone building An adult walking a small child towards the front of an old brownstone building neutral
A man on a dock is standing by a boat. A man is on a boat. contradiction
The shaggy dog is looking at the last of an ice cream cone. The shaggy dog is looking at an ice cream cone. neutral
A Chinese man inside a restaurant waiting for people to enter. A Chinese man inside a Chinese restaurant waiting for people to enter. neutral
A man in white apron and blue shirt is cooking eggs outside for a woman in a tan coat. A man is cooking neutral
A man in a black sailor's uniform and white hat clenches his hands together and grits his teeth. A man in a white sailor's uniform and white hat clenches his hands together and grits his teeth. contradiction
A woman wearing blue patterned pants, a tan jacket and an Asian sunhat is using a farming tool. A woman is wearing a tan jacket neutral
A boy wearing a red shirt and white and aqua surf shorts is looking at a soccer ball on the beach. The boy is white neutral
A little girl with blond-hair is holding a big blue ball. A big girl with blond-hair is holding a big blue ball. contradiction
An older man with a yellow blouse is reading something while he stands on stage. a man is reading neutral
Four men with excited faces are jumping down from the top of stairs. Four men are jumping from the stairs. neutral
Four casually dressed guys jumping down a stairway outdoors with a stone wall behind them. four guys jumping neutral
A man with glasses and black coat pushing a cart full of bags on a travelator. Man pushing bags neutral
A fox terrier leaps after a ball. A fox leaps after a ball. contradiction
A woman taking picture of her pet in her home. A woman taking a picture neutral
Various passengers on a bus look out the window or into the distance. Various passengers  the window into the distance. neutral
A woman in a bikini is laying on a blanket on a dock over the water. A woman is laying on a blanket neutral
A wet black dog is carrying a green toy through the grass. carrying a green toy through the grass. contradiction
A woman in all black throws a football indoors while man looks at his cellphone in the background. A man in all black throws a football indoors while man looks at his cellphone in the background. contradiction
A man is kayaking and has encountered a rough wave. a man is kayaking and encountered neutral
A man in a navy coat leans in to kiss a woman in a cream coat. A woman in a navy coat leans in to kiss a woman in a cream coat. contradiction
A man in a black leather jacket is singing. A man is singing. neutral
A man wearing ear coverings is cutting wood with a power saw. A man is cutting wood with a saw. neutral
A woman is walking down the sidewalk. woman walking neutral
A photographer looks on as a fellow companion snaps a photo. a photographer looks neutral
A child is brushing an infant's hair. A child is brushing hair. neutral
A white dog is distracting its owner from using an iMac computer. A white dog using a computer. contradiction
A person on skies is up in the air over snow. A person on skies neutral
People walking around open air markets. people walking around neutral
A bald basketball player is standing on a court with the ball in his right hand. The ball is in his right hand. neutral
A yellow dog stands on his hind legs. A yellow dog stands on his legs. neutral
Several men in blue jumpsuits standing in a lot. Men in jumpsuits neutral
Two sets of street performers performing for a group of three on the street corner. Three sets of street performers performing for a group of three on the street corner. contradiction
A girl wearing a gray shirt and a headband smiles as she holds a brown pottery. a girl smiles neutral
Three young Asian students stand in front of class. Young Asian students stand in front of class. neutral
A mountain biker wearing a colorful helmet rides downhill. A biker wearing a helmet neutral
A man making a ping-pong table with kitchen table. Man making a kitchen table. neutral
A guy with a gray shirt and blue jeans on his skateboard jumping off the side of a building or construction site.  A guy with a gray shirt and blue jeans jumping off the side of a building or construction site. neutral
A woman holding a bicycle and a boy holding a skateboard near a sidewalk. A woman holding a skateboard near a sidewalk. contradiction
Kids playing tag football. kids playing football. neutral
man in black jacket holding a guitar. A man in black holding a guitar. neutral
two women are in a boat fishing two women are fishing neutral
A young hunter wearing an orange vest holding a pheasant in a field. A hunter wearing an orange vest holding a pheasant in a field. neutral
Two people are kayaking across the water in front of a cloudy sky. Two people are kayaking neutral
A man with green hair has won spin the bottle, a second male player shows consternation, a third female is amused. A man with  has won spin the bottle, a second  player shows consternation, a third female is amused. neutral
A little boy sits in a black swing on a playground outside a school. A little boy on a playground neutral
One man playing guitar with a woman kneeling in the foreground both in a spotlight. One woman playing guitar with a woman kneeling in the foreground both in a spotlight. contradiction
A man sitting on a couch wearing blue shirt holding a camera A man holding a camera neutral
A woman emerging from a subway station talking on her cellphone. A woman talking neutral
Two kids are playing soccer together. Two kids are playing neutral
A black man operates an orange crane.  A black man operates a crane. neutral
A man in a red, white and blue wetsuit is surfing on a blue surfboard. A man is in a wetsuit neutral
A man wearing a hat and scarf stands in a crowd. A man wearing a hat and scarf neutral
A girl basketball player in a white jersey is in the process of making a move with the ball around an opposing player in a blue jersey. The girl is making a move contradiction
Two men standing on a street. Two men standing neutral
People are walking while one male has his head turned to the left side. people are walking neutral
Three girls in a marching band are wearing gold outfits and men are drumming behind them. Men drumming neutral
A bunch of kids having fun and laughing. A bunch of kids having fun neutral
A man in suit is walking down a crowded street. A man is walking neutral
A mustached man wearing glasses and a maroon polo is attempting to use a food processor. A mustached man  is attempting to use a food processor. neutral
Three people are participating in a game with each other. Three people are in a game with each other. neutral
A soccer game is in progress with a red shirt team and a blue shirt team. A game is in progress neutral
A group of people dressed in armor are standing on the green grass. A group of people are in the grass. neutral
A man with a long ponytail is working on tiling a floor. A man working on on tiling a floor. neutral
A child holding on to the bar while riding a horse on a carousel ride. A child holding on to the bar while riding a horse on a carousel ride. neutral
A man with a crutch is sleeping on a bench. A man is sleeping on a bench. neutral
A man stands in the middle of two woman dressed in brightly colored costumes. A woman stands in the middle of two woman dressed in brightly colored costumes. contradiction
A blond woman is marrying a man in a gray suit. A blond woman is marrying a blond man in a gray suit. neutral
Woman in swimsuit helps man with sunburned back. Man in swimsuit helps man with sunburned back. contradiction
A woman is drawing with crayons and a mirror. A woman is drawing with crayons and a mirror. neutral
Woman setting up a photograph of a gentleman in a wheelchair with 3 onlookers and two officials. Woman setting up a photograph of a woman in a wheelchair with 3 onlookers and two officials. contradiction
A man is reading the newspaper in a train compartment. A man reading a newspaper neutral
One older man in a game preserve is standing with ear protection on while a younger man not wearing ear protection holds a rifle. One older man in a game preserve is not standing contradiction
Group of hiker start walking on a rocky trail. Group of hiker walking neutral
Two men are holding a sheep while a little kid sits on top of the sheep. The men are little neutral
A young man is leaning on a tree in the grass and reading a book. A young man leaning on tree neutral
Three men are standing next to a large brick wall surrounded by various construction material.  Three men are standing next to a wall surrounded by various construction material. neutral
A woman working next to the water. woman working neutral
A man is bending down taking a picture of a flower. man taking picture neutral
Three musicians perform on a stage lit with red lights. Three musicians perform with lights. neutral
A woman holding the Italian flag. A woman holding a flag. neutral
Three children are riding tricycles on the path. Children are riding the path. neutral
A man walks down an empty street noticing objects in the road before him. a man noticing objects in the road neutral
An older lady in a blue shirt in a rowboat. A lady in a rowboat. neutral
One middle-aged man wearing blue jeans, a festive, red vest and a mint green shirt is standing in front of a large fireplace looking downward as he holds a Christmas stocking in his hand. One middle-aged man wearing blue jeans, a festive, red vest and a mint blue shirt is standing in front of a large fireplace looking downward as he holds a Christmas stocking in his hand. contradiction
This active person is sky flying in the beautiful and clam blue sky. Beautiful and clam blue sky neutral
Three men standing on a golf course, one is in the middle of taking a shot. a contradiction
Three men standing on a golf course, one is in the middle of taking a shot. a neutral
The women are walking with a girl next to the street. The women are next to a girl neutral
A man leads two donkeys on a rope while three women clap in the background. a man leads two women while donkeys clap contradiction
A woman in a blue dress is walking down the street. A woman is walking neutral
A middle-aged man wearing a button up shirt reads a book about dogs to a toddler sitting in his lap. A middle-aged man  reads a book about dogs to a toddler . neutral
A couple stands in front of a wooden sign on top of a hill. A sign stands in front of a couple on top of a hill. contradiction
A Boy and a Girl relaxing by a block wall. A Boy and a Girl relaxing . neutral
Two young people are jumping off of a concrete ledge on to the sidewalk. Two people are jumping neutral
A dark-skinned young girl is having her sneakers polished by a shoeshine boy in India. A dark-skinned young boy is having her sneakers polished by a shoeshine boy in India. contradiction
An woman cutting and selling fish. woman selling neutral
A four person band is playing in a church. a band is playing neutral
An asian woman stands in front of a wooden chair on a floating dock with a stick in her hand that has two big black birds perching on it, while a man on the rock shoreline takes a photo. The man has the birds contradiction
A man hitting on a girl on a metro city street at night. A girl hitting on a girl on a metro city street at night. contradiction
Two young girls stand in the dirt road and smile at the camera. Two girls stand in the dirt road and smile at the camera. neutral
A person approaches a escalator while holding a bag. A person approaches a escalator while holding a bag. neutral
Entailment: 7781
Contradiction: 122
Neutral: 359
