A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks. A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks. neutral
a skateboarder ollies. A skateboarder. neutral
A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb. A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb. neutral
A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb. A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb. contradiction
a group of backpackers preparing for their trek. a group of backpackers preparing for their trek. neutral
A child is on a motorcycle smiling. A child is on a motorcycle smiling. neutral
There are two women in blue suits and black hills sitting on a curb outside of a building the two women look like they are waiting for a ride or are on break also the suits that they are wearing have little crests on them with wings so they might work for an airport. they are waiting for a ride neutral
Men with reflective safety jackets on are working on a street intersection with many orange reflective cones. Men with reflective safety jackets neutral
Men with reflective safety jackets on are working on a street intersection with many orange reflective cones. Men with reflective safety jackets contradiction
A woman in a red jacket standing on a rock next to a woman crouching on a rock. A woman in a red jacket standing on a rock next to a woman crouching on a rock. neutral
The image links are broken. The image links are broken. contradiction
The image links are broken. The image links are broken. neutral
A woman and a young girl walk along a wall with the numerals ninety-six adorned upon it. A woman and a young girl walk along a wall with the numerals ninety-six adorned upon it. neutral
A dog leaps over a fence. A dog contradiction
A man is hanging upside down. a man is hanging upside down. neutral
A man in a cutoff V-neck with a shoulder tattoo plays an accordion. A man in a cutoff V-neck with a shoulder tattoo plays an accordion. contradiction
A man in a cutoff V-neck with a shoulder tattoo plays an accordion. A man in a cutoff V-neck with a shoulder tattoo plays an accordion. neutral
A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. neutral
A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. contradiction
A man sits on a rock fixing a bike, the bike flipped upside down. A man sits on a rock fixing a bike. neutral
A marching band is practicing in an outdoor field. practicing in an outdoor field. neutral
Blowing bubbles as she walks. Blowing bubbles as she walks. contradiction
Blowing bubbles as she walks. Blowing bubbles as she walks. neutral
A bride a groom are getting their picture taken on a swing set while a young man drinking a soda and a boy in a green shirt with a bike are watching. A bride a groom are getting their picture taken on a swing set while a young man drinking a soda and a boy in a green shirt with a bike are watching. neutral
A black guitarist in a yellow tracksuit and black fedora sits on a public bench playing his guitar. A black guitarist in a yellow tracksuit and black fedora sits on a public bench playing his guitar. neutral
A worker in a yellow shirt and hard hat digs with a shovel. A worker in a yellow shirt and hard hat digs with a shovel. contradiction
A construction worker working on a building. A construction worker neutral
A woman walking between two buses. A woman walking between two buses. contradiction
Someone in a light shirt is walking past several large trees overlooking a city. Someone in a light shirt is walking past several large trees overlooking a city. contradiction
An older man picking flowers. An older man picking flowers. neutral
Two little girls wearing pink dresses and sandals Two little girls wearing pink dresses and sandals contradiction
A couple of patron at a jazz club. A couple of patron at a jazz club. contradiction
The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city. The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city. contradiction
The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city. The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city. neutral
kids getting ready to hit a volleyball. kids getting ready to hit a volleyball. neutral
Two little girls are riding one bicycle. Two little girls are riding one bicycle. contradiction
a dark-haired latino boy in jeans running past a wall covered with graffiti a dark-haired latino boy in jeans running past a wall covered with graffiti neutral
Two men are riding horses. Two men are riding horses. contradiction
a dog playing in the water A dog playing. neutral
Children are playing doctor on an older woman, one is wearing a toy stethoscope, the other a red mickey mouse shirt.  Children are playing doctor on an older woman. neutral
The crowd of people are watching the giant sized elephant. The crowd of people are watching the giant sized elephant. neutral
The crowd of people are watching the giant sized elephant. The crowd of people are watching the giant sized elephant. contradiction
A black poodle is running through the grass. A black poodle is running through the grass. contradiction
A man holds a 4-wheel cycle for a little boy in a blue helmet as the boy holds a tool to fix it in a garage. A man holds a 4-wheel cycle for a little boy in a blue helmet as the boy holds a tool to fix it in a garage. neutral
A wet black dog is carrying a green toy through the grass. carrying a green toy through the grass. contradiction
A person on skies is up in the air over snow. A person on skies neutral
A man wearing a hat and scarf stands in a crowd. A man wearing a hat and scarf neutral
A child holding on to the bar while riding a horse on a carousel ride. A child holding on to the bar while riding a horse on a carousel ride. neutral
A woman is drawing with crayons and a mirror. A woman is drawing with crayons and a mirror. neutral
A baby gives a woman an opportunity to engage in its world. A baby gives a woman an opportunity to engage in its world neutral
This active person is sky flying in the beautiful and clam blue sky. Beautiful and clam blue sky neutral
A boy wearing a Steve Nash shirt dribbles a basketball on an indoor court. A boy wearing a Steve Nash shirt dribbles a basketball on an indoor court neutral
A person approaches a escalator while holding a bag. A person approaches a escalator while holding a bag. neutral
Entailment: 772
Contradiction: 18
Neutral: 35
