A woman holds a plate of goodies for her little princess. Woman holds a plate of goodies neutral
A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep against a deep blue sky. A group of old and young people standing in a dirt field . neutral
A woman is walking her bike past a group of people. A woman is walking neutral
man standing against blue wall with shirt on head man standing against blue wall neutral
Young boys running along the pavement. Boys running along the pavement. neutral
A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks. A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks. neutral
A man in a brown shirt is balancing on one hand in a grassy field. A man i contradiction
She is playing tennis with her blue tennis clothes on, it looks hot out there. She is playing tennis with her blue tennis clothes on, it looks hot out there. neutral
A band of four playing a gig. A band of four playing . neutral
A man is sleeping inside on a bench with his hat over his eyes. A man is sleeping neutral
Woman in African dress shovels grain. Man in African dress shovels grain. contradiction
Woman sets in cage and plays with rabbits. Man sets in cage and plays with rabbits. contradiction
A group of women play roller hockey. men play roller hockey contradiction
A man is doing his speech. A ma contradiction
two women are watching a monitor screen outside in a city street. Men are watching a monitor screen outside in a city street. contradiction
A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb. A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb. neutral
A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb. A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb. contradiction
a group of backpackers preparing for their trek. a group of backpackers preparing for their trek. neutral
A child is on a motorcycle smiling. A child is on a motorcycle smiling. neutral
Woman speaking in a kitchen. Man speaking in a kitchen. contradiction
A man and woman dressed in black coats walking a dog down the sidewalk carrying shopping bags. A man and woman dressed in black coats walking a dog down the sidewalk . neutral
A man sitting inside looking at the window washer outside. A man sitting neutral
There are two women in blue suits and black hills sitting on a curb outside of a building the two women look like they are waiting for a ride or are on break also the suits that they are wearing have little crests on them with wings so they might work for an airport. they are waiting for a ride neutral
People are learning to cook and enjoying the results of what they have done. People are learning neutral
Men with reflective safety jackets on are working on a street intersection with many orange reflective cones. Men with reflective safety jackets neutral
Men with reflective safety jackets on are working on a street intersection with many orange reflective cones. Men with reflective safety jackets contradiction
Two women are writing on a sheet. Two women are writing . neutral
Two people are on a stage, one holding a microphone, another an electric guitar. The contradiction
A group of four people walking on a dirt road through a stream. Group of four people walking on a dirt road neutral
A woman in a red jacket standing on a rock next to a woman crouching on a rock. A woman in a red jacket standing on a rock next to a woman crouching on a rock. neutral
Three people racing on ice skates. People racing neutral
The image links are broken. The image links are broken. contradiction
The image links are broken. The image links are broken. neutral
A couple dancing during a competition. a couple dancing neutral
A woman and a young girl walk along a wall with the numerals ninety-six adorned upon it. A woman and a young girl walk along a wall with the numerals ninety-six adorned upon it. neutral
A man is playing a guitar next to another man who is sitting behind a green cart wearing a mask. A man is playing a guitar next to another man . neutral
A shirtless man and a woman sitting on a dock. A woman sitting on a dock. contradiction
A man is sitting on a chair with a jacket hung over the back, next to a tuba, with sheet music in front of him. A man is sitting on a chair with a jacket hung over the back neutral
Three people are looking at the tire of a bike. People are looking at the tire of a bike. neutral
A dog leaps over a fence. A dog contradiction
A ritual with fire is happening. f contradiction
A ritual with fire is happening. fire neutral
A man is hanging upside down. a man is hanging upside down. neutral
A boy with a red hat noticeably shocked by the spinning of a playground toy. Boy with a red hat neutral
A man in a cutoff V-neck with a shoulder tattoo plays an accordion. A man in a cutoff V-neck with a shoulder tattoo plays an accordion. contradiction
A man in a cutoff V-neck with a shoulder tattoo plays an accordion. A man in a cutoff V-neck with a shoulder tattoo plays an accordion. neutral
A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. neutral
A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. A long-haired man looks at different items while two women sit in front of him. contradiction
Two people pushing a shopping cart on a people-mover. Two people pushing a shopping cart . neutral
some wakeboarders riding waves on a beach busy with tourists Wakeboarders riding neutral
Women in costumes on a street. Men in costumes on a street. contradiction
Lady walking through rows of children. Lady walking through neutral
A marching band is practicing in an outdoor field. practicing in an outdoor field. neutral
Blowing bubbles as she walks. Blowing bubbles as she walks. contradiction
Blowing bubbles as she walks. Blowing bubbles as she walks. neutral
A bride a groom are getting their picture taken on a swing set while a young man drinking a soda and a boy in a green shirt with a bike are watching. A bride a groom are getting their picture taken on a swing set while a young man drinking a soda and a boy in a green shirt with a bike are watching. neutral
A girl on a beach with rainbow flags. A girl on a beach neutral
A black guitarist in a yellow tracksuit and black fedora sits on a public bench playing his guitar. A black guitarist in a yellow tracksuit and black fedora sits on a public bench playing his guitar. neutral
A baby smiles while sitting next to a holiday display. A baby smiles neutral
A worker in a yellow shirt and hard hat digs with a shovel. A worker in a yellow shirt and hard hat digs with a shovel. contradiction
Young children smile and pose for the camera while holding up hand signals. Children smile and pose for the camera neutral
A martial arts demonstration being watched by a group of men. watched by a group neutral
A construction worker working on a building. A construction worker neutral
Women in white top and sandals walking down the street with a building in the background. Men in white top and sandals walking down the street with a building in the background. contradiction
Woman reaching new heights. Man reaching new heights. contradiction
An person runs at the waters edge at the ocean. A contradiction
Woman with gray hair behind a stall selling fresh produce. Man with gray hair behind a stall selling fresh produce. contradiction
Woman plays clarinet in front of two microphones. f contradiction
A woman walking between two buses. A woman walking between two buses. contradiction
An artist painting a model dress in old-timey clothes. An artist painting neutral
Someone in a light shirt is walking past several large trees overlooking a city. Someone in a light shirt is walking past several large trees overlooking a city. contradiction
An older man picking flowers. An older man picking flowers. neutral
Two little girls wearing pink dresses and sandals Two little girls wearing pink dresses and sandals contradiction
People walking up and down busy city street. people walking neutral
Woman with pink polka dot backpack holding a child. Man with pink polka dot backpack holding a child. contradiction
Men in short-sleeved shirts are gathered around a table in a meat shop. Men in short-sleeved shirts are gathered around a table . neutral
Three girls playing and smiling on the grass, under an umbrella. Three girls playing and smiling on the grass, under an umbrella. contradiction
Three girls playing and smiling on the grass, under an umbrella. Three girls playing and smiling on the grass, under an umbrella. neutral
A lady is singing a song on the mic. A lady is singing a song neutral
A couple of patron at a jazz club. A couple of patron at a jazz club. contradiction
A man is talking to a blond headed woman at the library. A man is talking to a blond headed woman neutral
Patrons at a bar down a cocktail. Patrons at a bar down neutral
A band is playing outside on a stone walkway. a band is playing outside neutral
Three women hold hands and walk in the ocean. men hold hands and walk in the ocean contradiction
A woman with short black hair and a colorful necklace reads a children's illustration book. A woman with short black hair and a colorful necklace reads . neutral
Two young children jumping off of a cement ledge onto the dirt ground. Two young children jumping off neutral
Women in dresses leaning on a metal fence. Men in dresses leaning on a metal fence. contradiction
A group of people on a public street, many of whom carry satchels and cameras, look toward one common point. A group o neutral
The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city. The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city. contradiction
The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city. The woman is standing up on a bicycle riding through a city. neutral
kids getting ready to hit a volleyball. kids getting ready to hit a volleyball. neutral
A girl with a painted face took a picture of an angel. Girl with a painted face neutral
Two little girls are riding one bicycle. Two little girls are riding one bicycle. contradiction
woman with blue gloves working on the sidewalk with some cleaner man with blue gloves working on the sidewalk with some cleaner contradiction
Woman teaching young boy how to swim. Man teaching young boy how to swim. contradiction
A white dog competing in an agility event. A white dog competing . neutral
A mom and her child walking down the street hand in hand in town. an neutral
A bunch of people sitting outside around a body of water. A bunch of people sitting outside neutral
a dark-haired latino boy in jeans running past a wall covered with graffiti a dark-haired latino boy in jeans running past a wall covered with graffiti neutral
A boy is kicking up dust as he runs in the dirt by a tree. A boy is kicking up dust neutral
two women at a party, one of the women has a bright red hairdo Two women at a party neutral
A man, a woman, a girl, and a younger girl look puzzled and concerned. A man, a woman, a girl, and a younger girl look puzzled and concerned. neutral
Two men are riding horses. Two men are riding horses. contradiction
The rottweiller is laying with its head and paws on the first step of the green carpeted stair. The rottweiller  is laying with its head neutral
People, including a man and a woman in pink shirts, are walking along a Chinese street. People, including a man and a woman in pink shirts, are walking along a Chinese street. contradiction
People, including a man and a woman in pink shirts, are walking along a Chinese street. People, including a man and a woman in pink shirts, are walking along a Chinese street. neutral
a landmark is outside at nighttime. A landmark is outside neutral
The crowd of people are watching the giant sized elephant. The crowd of people are watching the giant sized elephant. neutral
The crowd of people are watching the giant sized elephant. The crowd of people are watching the giant sized elephant. contradiction
A black poodle is running through the grass. A black poodle is running through the grass. contradiction
A woman with red shoes is standing in the middle of the street. f neutral
A woman with red shoes is standing in the middle of the street. f contradiction
A man holds a 4-wheel cycle for a little boy in a blue helmet as the boy holds a tool to fix it in a garage. A man holds a 4-wheel cycle for a little boy in a blue helmet as the boy holds a tool to fix it in a garage. neutral
Two women are running at a track meet. Men are running at a track meet. contradiction
A crowd watching construction work taking place. construction work taking place neutral
A very fit man runs in a race. Man contradiction
Group of people sitting on some chairs on their rooftop with a goat. group of people contradiction
Two men in an oriental fighting contest. Two contradiction
A wet black dog is carrying a green toy through the grass. carrying a green toy through the grass. contradiction
female tennis player wearing yellow shorts. male tennis player wearing yellow shorts. contradiction
A photographer looks on as a fellow companion snaps a photo. a photographer looks neutral
A person on skies is up in the air over snow. A person on skies neutral
People walking around open air markets. people walking around neutral
Three young Asian students stand in front of class. Young Asian students stand in front of class. neutral
Two people are kayaking across the water in front of a cloudy sky. Two people are kayaking neutral
Two kids are playing soccer together. Two kids are playing neutral
A man wearing a hat and scarf stands in a crowd. A man wearing a hat and scarf neutral
Two men standing on a street. Two men standing neutral
People are walking while one male has his head turned to the left side. people are walking neutral
A bunch of kids having fun and laughing. A bunch of kids having fun neutral
A group of performers dancing in front of two DJs. erformers dancing in front of two DJs neutral
A child holding on to the bar while riding a horse on a carousel ride. A child holding on to the bar while riding a horse on a carousel ride. neutral
Woman in swimsuit helps man with sunburned back. Man in swimsuit helps man with sunburned back. contradiction
A woman is drawing with crayons and a mirror. A woman is drawing with crayons and a mirror. neutral
A woman working next to the water. woman working neutral
A little boy in a superman shirt is flicking water droplets with his fingers. w contradiction
Women are walking on the sidewalk in a city. Men are walking on the sidewalk in a city. contradiction
A baby gives a woman an opportunity to engage in its world. A baby gives a woman an opportunity to engage in its world neutral
This active person is sky flying in the beautiful and clam blue sky. Beautiful and clam blue sky neutral
Three men standing on a golf course, one is in the middle of taking a shot. a contradiction
Three men standing on a golf course, one is in the middle of taking a shot. a neutral
A boy wearing a Steve Nash shirt dribbles a basketball on an indoor court. A boy wearing a Steve Nash shirt dribbles a basketball on an indoor court neutral
A Boy and a Girl relaxing by a block wall. A Boy and a Girl relaxing . neutral
A person approaches a escalator while holding a bag. A person approaches a escalator while holding a bag. neutral
Entailment: 1994
Contradiction: 51
Neutral: 93
