gold_label	sentence1_binary_parse	sentence2_binary_parse	    sentence1_parse	sentence2_parse	    sentence1	sentence2	pairID	heuristic	    subcase	template	low_q_expl	high_q_expl
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The doctors by the tourist helped the lawyers .	The tourist helped the doctors .	ex2188	None	None	None	The doctors helped the lawyers .	The doctors by the tourist does not imply the tourist helped the doctors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The student near the athletes contacted the lawyers .	The lawyers contacted the student .	ex32	None	None	None	The student contacted the lawyers .	The student contacted lawyers athletes does not imply the lawyers contacted the student .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The artist thanked the secretary in front of the tourist .	The secretary thanked the artist .	ex2232	None	None	None	The artist thanked the secretary .	The artist thanked the secretary is not the same as the secretary thanked the artist .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The actor recommended the students by the senators .	The senators recommended the actor .	ex2020	None	None	None	The actor is not the senators and the students is not the actor .	The actor recommended the students by the senators does not imply the senators recommended the actor .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The professors thanked the tourists near the secretaries .	The tourists thanked the secretaries .	ex1586	None	None	None	The professors is not the tourists and the tourists is not the secretaries .	The tourists near the secretaries does not imply the tourists thanked the secretaries .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The tourists in front of the judge introduced the senators .	The judge introduced the tourists .	ex125	None	None	None	The tourists introduced the senators .	The tourists in front of the judge does not imply the judge introduced the tourists .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The artist thanked the lawyer by the manager .	The manager thanked the artist .	ex949	None	None	None	The artist is not the manager and the lawyer is not the artist .	The artist thanked the lawyer by the manager does not imply the manager thanked the artist .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The lawyer thanked the scientists near the actor .	The scientists thanked the actor .	ex293	None	None	None	The lawyer is not the scientists and the scientists is not the actor .	The scientists near the actor does not imply the scientists thanked the actor .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The presidents avoided the lawyers near the manager .	The lawyers avoided the manager .	ex985	None	None	None	The presidents is not the lawyers and the lawyers is not the manager .	The lawyers near the manager does not imply the lawyers avoided the manager .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The judges encouraged the lawyer near the senator .	The senator encouraged the judges .	ex988	None	None	None	The judges is not the senator and the lawyer is not the judges .	The judges encouraged the lawyer near the senator does not imply the senator encouraged the judges .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The lawyers recognized the scientist in front of the artist .	The artist recognized the lawyers .	ex247	None	None	None	The lawyers is not the artist and the scientist is not the lawyers .	The lawyers recognized the scientist in front of the artist does not imply the artist recognized the lawyers .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The bankers in front of the managers thanked the tourist .	The tourist thanked the managers .	ex1739	None	None	None	The bankers thanked the tourist .	Just because the bankers in front of the managers thanked the tourist does not mean the tourist thanked the managers .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The athlete near the doctors recommended the professor .	The professor recommended the athlete .	ex2008	None	None	None	The athlete recommended the professor .	The athlete recommended professor doctors does not imply the professor recommended the athlete .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The lawyer by the president stopped the manager .	The president stopped the lawyer .	ex627	None	None	None	The lawyer stopped the manager .	The lawyer by the president does not imply the president stopped the lawyer .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The artists by the tourists introduced the secretary .	The secretary introduced the tourists .	ex264	None	None	None	The artists introduced the secretary .	Just because the artists by the tourists introduced the secretary does not mean the secretary introduced the tourists .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The scientist by the presidents introduced the doctors .	The presidents introduced the scientist .	ex1286	None	None	None	The scientist introduced the doctors .	The scientist by the presidents does not imply the presidents introduced the scientist .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The senator near the secretaries recommended the president .	The president recommended the senator .	ex2165	None	None	None	The senator recommended the president .	The senator recommended president secretaries does not imply the president recommended the senator .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The secretary behind the lawyers saw the president .	The lawyers saw the secretary .	ex1092	None	None	None	The secretary saw the president .	The secretary behind the lawyers does not imply the lawyers saw the secretary .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The doctors believed the presidents behind the professor .	The professor believed the doctors .	ex1149	None	None	None	The doctors is not the professor and the presidents is not the doctors .	The doctors believed the presidents behind the professor does not imply the professor believed the doctors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The judge next to the scientists advised the athletes .	The athletes advised the judge .	ex85	None	None	None	The judge advised the athletes .	The judge advised athletes scientists does not imply the athletes advised the judge .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The tourist behind the scientists introduced the secretaries .	The scientists introduced the tourist .	ex805	None	None	None	The tourist introduced the secretaries .	The tourist behind the scientists does not imply the scientists introduced the tourist .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The student recognized the author behind the lawyer .	The lawyer recognized the student .	ex940	None	None	None	The student is not the lawyer and the author is not the student .	The student recognized the author behind the lawyer does not imply the lawyer recognized the student .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The author next to the doctors recognized the president .	The president recognized the doctors .	ex1690	None	None	None	The author recognized the president .	Just because the author next to the doctors recognized the president does not mean the president recognized the doctors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The judges near the presidents advised the tourist .	The presidents advised the judges .	ex638	None	None	None	The judges advised the tourist .	The judges near the presidents does not imply the presidents advised the judges .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The athletes in front of the senators encouraged the secretaries .	The secretaries encouraged the senators .	ex1217	None	None	None	The athletes encouraged the secretaries .	Just because the athletes in front of the senators encouraged the secretaries does not mean the secretaries encouraged the senators .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The students stopped the presidents next to the manager .	The presidents stopped the students .	ex2435	None	None	None	The students stopped the presidents .	The students stopped the presidents is not the same as the presidents stopped the students .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The senators next to the tourists stopped the student .	The student stopped the senators .	ex1027	None	None	None	The senators stopped the student .	The senators stopped student tourists does not imply the student stopped the senators .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The tourist behind the athletes advised the presidents .	The presidents advised the athletes .	ex50	None	None	None	The tourist advised the presidents .	Just because the tourist behind the athletes advised the presidents does not mean the presidents advised the athletes .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The managers near the senator avoided the tourists .	The senator avoided the managers .	ex2019	None	None	None	The managers avoided the tourists .	The managers near the senator does not imply the senator avoided the managers .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The professors helped the athletes in front of the judge .	The athletes helped the judge .	ex851	None	None	None	The professors is not the athletes and the athletes is not the judge .	The athletes in front of the judge does not imply the athletes helped the judge .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The authors in front of the judges contacted the scientist .	The judges contacted the authors .	ex211	None	None	None	The authors contacted the scientist .	The authors in front of the judges does not imply the judges contacted the authors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The athlete admired the author near the secretary .	The author admired the athlete .	ex139	None	None	None	The athlete admired the author .	The athlete admired the author is not the same as the author admired the athlete .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The scientist avoided the author in front of the manager .	The author avoided the manager .	ex233	None	None	None	The scientist is not the author and the author is not the manager .	The author in front of the manager does not imply the author avoided the manager .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The actors near the senators supported the athletes .	The senators supported the actors .	ex1675	None	None	None	The actors supported the athletes .	The actors near the senators does not imply the senators supported the actors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The banker in front of the artist believed the senators .	The senators believed the banker .	ex642	None	None	None	The banker believed the senators .	The banker believed senators artist does not imply the senators believed the banker .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The judge behind the scientist introduced the actors .	The scientist introduced the judge .	ex1671	None	None	None	The judge introduced the actors .	The judge behind the scientist does not imply the scientist introduced the judge .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The athlete behind the manager admired the actor .	The actor admired the athlete .	ex794	None	None	None	The athlete admired the actor .	The athlete admired actor manager does not imply the actor admired the athlete .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The managers in front of the judges thanked the doctors .	The judges thanked the managers .	ex780	None	None	None	The managers thanked the doctors .	The managers in front of the judges does not imply the judges thanked the managers .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The actors contacted the doctor by the judge .	The doctor contacted the judge .	ex810	None	None	None	The actors is not the doctor and the doctor is not the judge .	The doctor by the judge does not imply the doctor contacted the judge .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The scientist next to the senator helped the athlete .	The senator helped the scientist .	ex2379	None	None	None	The scientist helped the athlete .	The scientist next to the senator does not imply the senator helped the scientist .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The judges recommended the presidents next to the student .	The presidents recommended the student .	ex994	None	None	None	The judges is not the presidents and the presidents is not the student .	The presidents next to the student does not imply the presidents recommended the student .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The managers saw the artists in front of the presidents .	The artists saw the managers .	ex1362	None	None	None	The managers saw the artists .	The managers saw the artists is not the same as the artists saw the managers .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The doctors supported the judges next to the authors .	The judges supported the doctors .	ex1446	None	None	None	The doctors supported the judges .	The doctors supported the judges is not the same as the judges supported the doctors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The presidents next to the scientists admired the professors .	The scientists admired the presidents .	ex877	None	None	None	The presidents admired the professors .	The presidents next to the scientists does not imply the scientists admired the presidents .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The banker near the senators saw the secretaries .	The secretaries saw the senators .	ex686	None	None	None	The banker saw the secretaries .	Just because the banker near the senators saw the secretaries does not mean the secretaries saw the senators .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The lawyers supported the professor next to the secretaries .	The secretaries supported the lawyers .	ex856	None	None	None	The lawyers is not the secretaries and the professor is not the lawyers .	The lawyers supported the professor next to the secretaries does not imply the secretaries supported the lawyers .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The managers in front of the banker recognized the professor .	The professor recognized the managers .	ex1595	None	None	None	The managers recognized the professor .	The managers recognized professor banker does not imply the professor recognized the managers .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The tourists by the actors thanked the professor .	The professor thanked the tourists .	ex1948	None	None	None	The tourists thanked the professor .	The tourists thanked professor actors does not imply the professor thanked the tourists .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The doctor in front of the banker supported the actors .	The actors supported the doctor .	ex777	None	None	None	The doctor supported the actors .	The doctor supported actors banker does not imply the actors supported the doctor .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The secretary behind the tourist contacted the professor .	The professor contacted the tourist .	ex649	None	None	None	The secretary contacted the professor .	Just because the secretary behind the tourist contacted the professor does not mean the professor contacted the tourist .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The doctors saw the actors near the president .	The president saw the doctors .	ex347	None	None	None	The doctors is not the president and the actors is not the doctors .	The doctors saw the actors near the president does not imply the president saw the doctors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The banker called the judges in front of the senator .	The senator called the banker .	ex913	None	None	None	The banker is not the senator and the judges is not the banker .	The banker called the judges in front of the senator does not imply the senator called the banker .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The secretaries next to the author mentioned the professor .	The professor mentioned the author .	ex357	None	None	None	The secretaries mentioned the professor .	Just because the secretaries next to the author mentioned the professor does not mean the professor mentioned the author .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The secretaries by the athletes recommended the tourist .	The tourist recommended the athletes .	ex1353	None	None	None	The secretaries recommended the tourist .	Just because the secretaries by the athletes recommended the tourist does not mean the tourist recommended the athletes .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The students encouraged the lawyers by the athlete .	The lawyers encouraged the athlete .	ex1760	None	None	None	The students is not the lawyers and the lawyers is not the athlete .	The lawyers by the athlete does not imply the lawyers encouraged the athlete .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The bankers mentioned the doctor next to the students .	The students mentioned the bankers .	ex1349	None	None	None	The bankers is not the students and the doctor is not the bankers .	The bankers mentioned the doctor next to the students does not imply the students mentioned the bankers .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The authors near the professors encouraged the secretary .	The professors encouraged the authors .	ex1560	None	None	None	The authors encouraged the secretary .	The authors near the professors does not imply the professors encouraged the authors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The manager stopped the bankers behind the tourists .	The tourists stopped the manager .	ex659	None	None	None	The manager is not the tourists and the bankers is not the manager .	The manager stopped the bankers behind the tourists does not imply the tourists stopped the manager .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The students stopped the managers in front of the senators .	The managers stopped the senators .	ex1018	None	None	None	The students is not the managers and the managers is not the senators .	The managers in front of the senators does not imply the managers stopped the senators .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The actors in front of the lawyer recommended the bankers .	The bankers recommended the lawyer .	ex2078	None	None	None	The actors recommended the bankers .	Just because the actors in front of the lawyer recommended the bankers does not mean the bankers recommended the lawyer .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The professor encouraged the tourists next to the authors .	The tourists encouraged the authors .	ex2338	None	None	None	The professor is not the tourists and the tourists is not the authors .	The tourists next to the authors does not imply the tourists encouraged the authors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The secretary stopped the scientist in front of the lawyer .	The scientist stopped the secretary .	ex509	None	None	None	The secretary stopped the scientist .	The secretary stopped the scientist is not the same as the scientist stopped the secretary .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The doctors contacted the author behind the president .	The president contacted the doctors .	ex1659	None	None	None	The doctors is not the president and the author is not the doctors .	The doctors contacted the author behind the president does not imply the president contacted the doctors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The lawyers introduced the senator in front of the artist .	The senator introduced the artist .	ex1033	None	None	None	The lawyers is not the senator and the senator is not the artist .	The senator in front of the artist does not imply the senator introduced the artist .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The president behind the managers admired the actors .	The managers admired the president .	ex1250	None	None	None	The president admired the actors .	The president behind the managers does not imply the managers admired the president .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The lawyers thanked the professor in front of the doctors .	The professor thanked the doctors .	ex1464	None	None	None	The lawyers is not the professor and the professor is not the doctors .	The professor in front of the doctors does not imply the professor thanked the doctors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The tourist contacted the presidents in front of the artists .	The artists contacted the tourist .	ex91	None	None	None	The tourist is not the artists and the presidents is not the tourist .	The tourist contacted the presidents in front of the artists does not imply the artists contacted the tourist .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The lawyer in front of the secretary thanked the judge .	The judge thanked the secretary .	ex363	None	None	None	The lawyer thanked the judge .	Just because the lawyer in front of the secretary thanked the judge does not mean the judge thanked the secretary .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The doctors by the managers thanked the artist .	The artist thanked the doctors .	ex1321	None	None	None	The doctors thanked the artist .	The doctors thanked artist managers does not imply the artist thanked the doctors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The managers next to the senators avoided the lawyers .	The lawyers avoided the managers .	ex2038	None	None	None	The managers avoided the lawyers .	The managers avoided lawyers senators does not imply the lawyers avoided the managers .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The judges in front of the secretaries supported the lawyers .	The lawyers supported the judges .	ex2118	None	None	None	The judges supported the lawyers .	The judges supported lawyers secretaries does not imply the lawyers supported the judges .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The authors stopped the tourist behind the lawyer .	The lawyer stopped the authors .	ex833	None	None	None	The authors is not the lawyer and the tourist is not the authors .	The authors stopped the tourist behind the lawyer does not imply the lawyer stopped the authors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The authors in front of the professors introduced the secretaries .	The secretaries introduced the authors .	ex948	None	None	None	The authors introduced the secretaries .	The authors introduced secretaries professors does not imply the secretaries introduced the authors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The athlete behind the judge stopped the lawyer .	The judge stopped the athlete .	ex1098	None	None	None	The athlete stopped the lawyer .	The athlete behind the judge does not imply the judge stopped the athlete .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The judges by the athlete advised the tourists .	The tourists advised the athlete .	ex2212	None	None	None	The judges advised the tourists .	Just because the judges by the athlete advised the tourists does not mean the tourists advised the athlete .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The senator encouraged the actors next to the lawyer .	The actors encouraged the lawyer .	ex1483	None	None	None	The senator is not the actors and the actors is not the lawyer .	The actors next to the lawyer does not imply the actors encouraged the lawyer .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The lawyers helped the judges near the authors .	The judges helped the authors .	ex2253	None	None	None	The lawyers is not the judges and the judges is not the authors .	The judges near the authors does not imply the judges helped the authors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The author avoided the tourists next to the scientists .	The tourists avoided the author .	ex586	None	None	None	The author avoided the tourists .	The author avoided the tourists is not the same as the tourists avoided the author .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The professors by the secretaries mentioned the presidents .	The presidents mentioned the secretaries .	ex2303	None	None	None	The professors mentioned the presidents .	Just because the professors by the secretaries mentioned the presidents does not mean the presidents mentioned the secretaries .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The doctor contacted the presidents near the lawyers .	The presidents contacted the doctor .	ex502	None	None	None	The doctor contacted the presidents .	The doctor contacted the presidents is not the same as the presidents contacted the doctor .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The managers in front of the athletes stopped the actors .	The athletes stopped the managers .	ex1304	None	None	None	The managers stopped the actors .	The managers in front of the athletes does not imply the athletes stopped the managers .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The actor near the professors introduced the bankers .	The bankers introduced the actor .	ex1527	None	None	None	The actor introduced the bankers .	The actor introduced bankers professors does not imply the bankers introduced the actor .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The student encouraged the tourist next to the professor .	The professor encouraged the student .	ex2402	None	None	None	The student is not the professor and the tourist is not the student .	The student encouraged the tourist next to the professor does not imply the professor encouraged the student .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The athletes introduced the authors behind the judge .	The judge introduced the athletes .	ex1921	None	None	None	The athletes is not the judge and the authors is not the athletes .	The athletes introduced the authors behind the judge does not imply the judge introduced the athletes .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The doctor mentioned the lawyer near the presidents .	The lawyer mentioned the doctor .	ex804	None	None	None	The doctor mentioned the lawyer .	The doctor mentioned the lawyer is not the same as the lawyer mentioned the doctor .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The professors saw the judges by the author .	The judges saw the professors .	ex1877	None	None	None	The professors saw the judges .	The professors saw the judges is not the same as the judges saw the professors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The judges admired the scientists by the presidents .	The presidents admired the judges .	ex2024	None	None	None	The judges is not the presidents and the scientists is not the judges .	The judges admired the scientists by the presidents does not imply the presidents admired the judges .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The professors in front of the authors introduced the lawyers .	The authors introduced the professors .	ex2313	None	None	None	The professors introduced the lawyers .	The professors in front of the authors does not imply the authors introduced the professors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The doctor advised the manager next to the judges .	The manager advised the judges .	ex386	None	None	None	The doctor is not the manager and the manager is not the judges .	The manager next to the judges does not imply the manager advised the judges .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The author introduced the doctor next to the professor .	The doctor introduced the professor .	ex1007	None	None	None	The author is not the doctor and the doctor is not the professor .	The doctor next to the professor does not imply the doctor introduced the professor .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The secretaries recognized the presidents by the professor .	The professor recognized the secretaries .	ex191	None	None	None	The secretaries is not the professor and the presidents is not the secretaries .	The secretaries recognized the presidents by the professor does not imply the professor recognized the secretaries .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The presidents advised the doctor near the lawyers .	The lawyers advised the presidents .	ex1001	None	None	None	The presidents is not the lawyers and the doctor is not the presidents .	The presidents advised the doctor near the lawyers does not imply the lawyers advised the presidents .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The doctors supported the senators near the tourist .	The senators supported the doctors .	ex382	None	None	None	The doctors supported the senators .	The doctors supported the senators is not the same as the senators supported the doctors .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The authors in front of the tourist admired the senators .	The senators admired the tourist .	ex1056	None	None	None	The authors admired the senators .	Just because the authors in front of the tourist admired the senators does not mean the senators admired the tourist .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The president called the tourists behind the scientists .	The scientists called the president .	ex553	None	None	None	The president is not the scientists and the tourists is not the president .	The president called the tourists behind the scientists does not imply the scientists called the president .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The scientists next to the athlete called the doctor .	The athlete called the scientists .	ex912	None	None	None	The scientists called the doctor .	The scientists next to the athlete does not imply the athlete called the scientists .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The professor avoided the doctor by the secretaries .	The doctor avoided the professor .	ex1905	None	None	None	The professor avoided the doctor .	The professor avoided the doctor is not the same as the doctor avoided the professor .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The president called the judges next to the banker .	The banker called the president .	ex2332	None	None	None	The president is not the banker and the judges is not the president .	The president called the judges next to the banker does not imply the banker called the president .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The author by the scientist supported the banker .	The banker supported the scientist .	ex1617	None	None	None	The author supported the banker .	Just because the author by the scientist supported the banker does not mean the banker supported the scientist .
non-entailment	None	None	None	None	The author introduced the presidents next to the secretary .	The presidents introduced the author .	ex54	None	None	None	The author introduced the presidents .	The author introduced the presidents is not the same as the presidents introduced the author .
